hey y'all it's Trina I just recorded my
European square scarf video and I
changed shirts so that I could show you
another way to wear a different sort of
scarf back in November of 2010 I
recorded a video on how to wear a scarf
the waterfall style and this is sort of
a new version of that so this is the
scarf that I have today to do this with
as you can see it's about this wide it's
very thin see through it and it has
fringe okay so if you have a scarf
that's similar to this maybe even a
little bit heavier this should work for
you so what I'm going to do is gather it
all up and then behind my neck I'm gonna
adjust this to where it's not so long
then I'm going to wrap this and bring it
around okay now I'm going to take this
edge find the end of it right here hold
on to it and you're gonna find this edge
okay and hold on to it so you're gonna
cross these you might have to finagle
them over each other so you're gonna
take these ends that you just crossed
okay back around your neck and you're
going to tie a very small loose knot
tight enough so that it will stay but
loose enough so that it's not a pain in
the rear to get undone later so once
you've got that done
you can adjust however you like and
there we have it so this way might be a
little bit easier for you if you sort of
wanted the waterfall look that couldn't
quite get the adjusting down this might
be an easier way and this also if you
just watched the European style scarf
video this gives the appearance of that
look so we've got the fringe showing on
both sides and the back and what I
usually do in the back there so anyway I
again I hope this was helpful and I hope
you're having a great day I will talk to
y'all later bye